README.md, before:

# React Template

One Paragraph of project description goes here. This is a template for organization repositories, set your own stuff.

## Getting Started :arrow_forward:

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites :clipboard:

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

- [Node](https://nodejs.org/es/)
- [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/)

### Installing :arrow_down:

A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running

Say what the step will be

```sh
# Install dependencies
$ npm i

# Run server
$ npm start

# Run tests
$ npm run tests

# Build project
$ npm run build
```

## Deployment :package:

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

## Built With :hammer_and_wrench:

* [ReactJS](https://es.reactjs.org/)

## Contributing :family_man_man_boy:

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://www.aaaimx.org/cod) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning :triangular_flag_on_post:

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/your/project/tags). 

## Contributors :family_man_man_boy:

- **Esteban Alvarez** - _Initial work_ - [@alvarez98](https://github.com/alvarez98)

## Credits :star:

- **A template to make good README.md** - _Base template_ - [PurpleBooth](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/109311bb0361f32d87a2)

## References :link:

1. 

## License :page_facing_up:

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details

Made with ❤️ by [Esteban Alvarez](https://github.com/alvarez98)

Commit message:

Change documentation, reach router, add components

README.md, after:

# React Template

One Paragraph of project description goes here. This is a template for organization repositories, set your own stuff.

## Getting Started :arrow_forward:

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites :clipboard:

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

- [Node](https://nodejs.org/es/)
- [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/)

### Installing :arrow_down:

A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running

Say what the step will be

```sh
# Install dependencies
$ npm i

# Run server
$ npm start

# Run tests
$ npm run tests

# Build project
$ npm run build
```

## Deployment :package:

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

## Built With :hammer_and_wrench:

* [ReactJS](https://es.reactjs.org/)

## Contributing :family_man_man_boy:

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://www.aaaimx.org/cod) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning :triangular_flag_on_post:

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/your/project/tags). 

## Contributors :family_man_man_boy:

- **Esteban Alvarez** - _Initial work_ - [@alvarez98](https://github.com/alvarez98)

## Credits :star:

- **A template to make good README.md** - _Base template_ - [PurpleBooth](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/109311bb0361f32d87a2)

## References :link:

1. [ReactJS](https://es.reactjs.org/)
2. [Reach-Router](https://reach.tech/router/)
3. [Styled-Components](https://styled-components.com/)

## License :page_facing_up:

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details

Made with ❤️ by [Esteban Alvarez](https://github.com/alvarez98)
